Fix execute insert and update (#670)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: microsoft_sql/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.0.2 - Fix execute insert and update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.0.2 - Fix Query action to support insert and update
```
